which for me is already in life
all i have is what i'm with
childhood itself began to do so far
continue for me hockey is life all
probably my whole life although this life is my
that's all i do i eat sleep
I breathe hockey as hockey gives to life on
all my life they all wanted me unequivocally
this life even is all that is not
remember myself without him family hockey
nothing else in my head
for each person the main thing of his life
is his family I have these symmetries
it's all me which consists of mine
close and take off that spend a large
part of my time in the locker room and on
the ice
Sanya come on
now the whole will be dragged for his beloved
the car
what is so hard to be there such I will become there
such loads are all of us but it is with
childhood is all as accumulates and
climb the ladder of politics century
you go-go it already you step it
reflecting on the fact that hard sought
only to play any
got up in the morning workout work every
day.
I quietly and did not see action childhood
constant workouts workload
fatigue school it every day I was
five years I constantly comedies said
10-15-20 you should still kobik
put
it is better
never think that complexity is just
I'm leaving I'm afraid that the most important thing here
or higher if but not easy
it takes a lot of work to try that
for conversations and stepping on yourself
overcome and
people do not see the back of the success of the
what remains behind the scene daily
training on the ice in the gym
Of course, psychologically it is very difficult
can it be every day
every nerkee does not fall below
kinda always need to be in good shape
always so difficult
yourself always have to be that way
but
Klitschko
he is in front of him to try and work
do everything honestly
the game is that Rachel we work on training camp
during the season this game is watched and
our coaches and our families or places
coaches must meet which we
should trust the pen very always together
in the same boat but the most important person
our team man who should
motivate us to advise what will happen
the result of our sit down their escape
which I go to the ice that I feel
I feel certainly responsibly from the first
queue because the task is to win
everybody just before
joy so we go on the ice game
this is truly a holiday not only for
spectators action
shows the best
real wanted away who is this
complex issue
even the team that does not work what
true present ill put here
support hamam
real fans are those who
support you regardless
As you play there are bad now
ok , it's always nice
change for the sake of the fans it's always me
spoke and I will speak because we
let's deal in this case
metabo lichku
the team is grateful to such people who
support the team by the river because
all we do is for the fans
someone comes to support our team
someone comes in and and evaluate and
everyone we have to give pleasure
and that were full of stadium right you give
emotions of winning there is a good game and you're on
heaven let a man need to come and
to give your soul in these two hours by hockey
the match is also worth a penny to give their
souls leave their hearts on ice to ours
be one with him
raid like that manitou does not read who is here
he said to himself something
analyze the moment people can be
delivers are ready to interfere with stalling of all
yourself and prepare claire that's about converge
extra heads somewhere to be a puzzle and
it's kinder just emotionally start
It takes a team so you know, too,
wants to win
tasks say all the best qualities
all thoughts are about the game
the restaurant
all sensations are mixed into one
happiness surely i will keep it
all your life you really want to be brazen
want to
and wait from your team time there
always go upstairs alone
goals
to win
here only play a team except by
affairs i'm lucky
I do what I love and
happiness to be hockey players